And when you get stressed like that, you maybe don’t want to speak, or you’re nervous to contribute, or you feel that you’re tripping over your words, you’re getting what you’re about to say wrong. And so that can be really stressful.

It’s something that I think most people are nervous about. And so, today we’re going to talk you through the basics of meetings and phrases you can use to get your voice heard.

So, we've been invited to a meeting. There's lots of people in the meeting who we don't know. And at the start of the meeting everyone is asked to introduce themselves. How can we do this professionally, Phil?OK, how about saying for those who don't know me,I'm Phil and I do podcasts about business English?Yeah. That's nice because it's sort of an expectation that people might not know you. Another one you could maybe try is I'm responsible for... So instead of saying what your role is, what your job title is, just explain what you do. So, for those who don't know me, I'm Pippa and I'm responsible for the podcasts at BBC Learning English.And I think that's really good because, I don't know how it is in other languages, but in English your job title often doesn't really say what you actually do.Yeah. So it's not very useful to tell people that. Anything else we can say here Phil?Perhaps, if you've got a particular expertise in something, you could say I have a background in... and then you're talking about an area that you know a lot of or that you've worked in before or that you've studied a lot. And that can be useful, perhaps saying, "Look, this is how I can be useful in this meeting. Ask me about these things".Yeah. Because if you don't know people they might be questioning why you're there. And so it's good to kind of say early what your expertise is and what you have to bring to the meeting.What about if you don't get a chance to introduce yourself at the start of the meeting, Phil?Well, yeah. It can be useful sometimes if you can just bring one of those phrases in the first time when someone asks you to speak.So, for those don't know me, I'm and then you talk about your background and what you're responsible for just so people know who you are and how you can help the meeting.Yeah. And if you have kind of got that rehearsed it is a good way to kind of start talking. You've got over the initial nervousness and then you can actually say what you want to say.